Human Activity Recognition Using Smartphones Data Set
-----------------------------------------------------

Relevant output documents were generated with the `run_analysis.R`
script, which performs the steps originally indicated as follows:

### **1. Data Preparation**

-   Data Set loaded into R for manipulation.
    -   `features` \<- List of all features. Further described in *UCI
        HAR Dataset/features\_info.txt*.  
    -   `activities` \<- Links the class labels with their activity
        name.  
    -   `subject_test` \<- Each row identifies the subject who performed
        the activity for each window sample.  
    -   `x_test` \<- Test set. Features *2947 rows* and *561 columns*.  
    -   `y_test` \<- Test labels. Features *2947 rows* and *1 column*.  
    -   `subject_train` \<- Equivalent of `Subject_test`.  
    -   `x_train` \<- Equivalent of `x_test`. Features *7352 rows* and
        *561 columns*.  
    -   `y_train` \<- Equivalent of `y_test`. Features *7352 rows* and
        *1 column*.

### **2. Step 1**

#### Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.

-   `x` \<- Data set created by function ***rbind()*** of `x_test` and
    `x_train`. Features *10299 rows* and *561 columns*.  
-   `y` \<- Data set created by function ***rbind()*** of `y_test` and
    `y_train`. Features *10299 rows* and *1 column*.  
-   `s` \<- Data set created by function ***rbind()*** of `subject_test`
    and `subject_train`. Features *10299 rows* and *1 column*.  
-   `Step1` \<- Data set created by function ***cbind()*** of `x`, `y`,
    and `s`. Features *10299 rows* and *563 columns*.

### **3. Step 2**

#### Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation (std) for each measurement.

-   `Step2` \<- Subset created by function ***Select()***, using columns
    `Subject`, `Code`, and all containing mesurments on the `mean` and
    *standart deviation* (`std`) for each measurement.

### **4. Step 3**

#### Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set.

-   `Step3` \<- Subset created for variable naming coherence. Used
    `Activities` data to replace numerical code on column `Code` for
    appropiate labelling, and updated column’s name to `Activities`.

### **5. Step 4**

#### Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.

-   `Step4` \<- Subset created for variable naming coherence. Name
    conventions replaced for more understandable bits of name as
    described in in *UCI HAR Dataset/features\_info.txt*.
-   `NameComparisson` \<- Comparisson matrix to evaluate if new
    conventions are correctly being applied to `Step4` dataset.

### **6. Step 5**

#### From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.

-   `Step5` \<- Subset created by function ***summarise\_all***, taking
    the mean of each variable for each `activity` and each `subject`.  
-   `CleanDataSet.txt` \<- Generated by function ***write.table()***,
    from `Step5` dataset.
